docs(README): Update Aqua version in the troubleshooting guide (#65)
aquasecurity/harbor-scanner-aqua: README.md

### Error: failed getting image manifest: 412 Precondition Failed

> Currently, there's a limitation of `scannercli` in Aqua CSP version < **4.6.20181 (4.6 update 16)** which does not accept Harbor robot account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, there's a limitation of `scannercli` in Aqua CSP versions < **4.6.20181 (4.6 update 16)** which do not accept Harbor robot account
```
